Updated meta descriptions flagged as 'too short' (#724)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/language/file-structure.md

---
# Mandatory fields. See more on aka.ms/skyeye/meta.
title: Q# File Structure

> description: Learn how to properly structure namespaces, open directives and declarations for operations and functions in a Q# program. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to structure namespaces, and operation, function, and user-defined-type declarations in Q# programs and libraries. 
```
